Updated README.md (#7)
metakgp/iitkgp-erp-auto-login: README.md

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links-->
<div align="center">

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![Wiki][wiki-shield]][wiki-url]

</div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<!-- UPDATE -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/metakgp/iitkgp-erp-auto-login">
     <img width="140" alt="image" src="./src/assets/images/ext_icon.png">
  </a>

>   <h3 align="center">ERP Auto Login - IITKGP</h3>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <h3 align="center">ERP Auto Login - IIT KGP</h3>
```

  <p align="center">

>   <!-- UPDATE -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    Minimial yet powerful and customizable autologin/autofill extension, for IIT Kharagpur enrolled students.
    <br />

>     <a href="https://github.com/proffapt/iitkgp-erp-auto-login/issues">Request Feature / Report Bug</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <a href="https://github.com/metakgp/iitkgp-erp-auto-login/issues">Request Feature / Report Bug</a>
```

  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About The Project](#about-the-project)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contact](#contact)
  - [Maintainer(s)](#maintainers)
  - [creators(s)](#creators)

> - [Additional documentation](#additional-documentation)

Reviewer: Update this, doesn't look like this is updated :)

</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
<!-- UPDATE -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/metakgp/iitkgp-erp-auto-login">
    <img width="80%" alt="image" src="./screenshots/cover_new.png">
  </a>
</div>

> ERP Auto Login is a chrome/ firefox extension which can be added to the browser. The extension stores the users confidentials like username, password and security questions and fills them up automatically whenever the user opens the ERP. It also sends the otp to the email, the user only need to fill up the OTP and can login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ERP Auto Login is a browser extension supporting both chrome and firefox. The extension stores the users confidentials like username, password and security questions and fills them up automatically whenever the user opens the ERP. It also sends the OTP to the email, the user only need to fill up the OTP and can login.
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Get it from Firefox/ Chrome store

<p align="Center">
  <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/erp-auto-login-iitkgp/">

>     <img src="https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/files/2020/04/get-the-addon-fx-apr-2020.svg" alt="ERP Auto Login - IITKGP logo" height="58">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/files/2020/04/get-the-addon-fx-apr-2020.svg" alt="ERP Auto Login - IIT KGP logo" height="58">
```

  </a>
  <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/erp-auto-login-iitkgp/hianmedhblomknonbbmalncjjffdligl">

>     <img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-uploads/image/WlD8wC6g8khYWPJUsQceQkhXSlv1/UV4C4ybeBTsZt43U4xis.png" alt="ERP Auto Login - IITKGP logo">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <img src="https://storage.googleapis.com/web-dev-uploads/image/WlD8wC6g8khYWPJUsQceQkhXSlv1/UV4C4ybeBTsZt43U4xis.png" alt="ERP Auto Login - IIT KGP logo">
```

  </a>
</p>

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

## Building from source

- To set up a local instance of the application, follow the steps below.

### Prerequisites
The following dependencies are required to be installed for the project to function properly:
<!-- UPDATE -->
* npm
  ```sh
  npm install npm@latest -g
  ```
* web-ext
  ```sh
  npm install --global web-ext
  ```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

> ### Building From Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - #### Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Development
```

<div id="top"></div>

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
<!-- https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links-->
<div align="center">

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]
[![Wiki][wiki-shield]][wiki-url]

</div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<!-- UPDATE -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/metakgp/iitkgp-erp-auto-login">
     <img width="140" alt="image" src="./src/assets/images/ext_icon.png">
  </a>

  <h3 align="center">ERP Auto Login - IITKGP</h3>

  <p align="center">
  <!-- UPDATE -->
    Minimial yet powerful and customizable autologin/autofill extension, for IIT Kharagpur enrolled students.
    <br />

>     <a href="https://UPDATE.metakgp.org">Website</a>
>     ·

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    <a href="https://github.com/proffapt/iitkgp-erp-auto-login/issues">Request Feature / Report Bug</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

- [About The Project](#about-the-project)

>   - [Supports](#supports)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contact](#contact)
  - [Maintainer(s)](#maintainers)
  - [creators(s)](#creators)
- [Additional documentation](#additional-documentation)

</details>

<!-- ABOUT THE PROJECT -->
## About The Project
<!-- UPDATE -->
<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/metakgp/iitkgp-erp-auto-login">
    <img width="80%" alt="image" src="./screenshots/cover_new.png">
  </a>
</div>

ERP Auto Login is a chrome/ firefox extension which can be added to the browser. The extension stores the users confidentials like username, password and security questions and fills them up automatically whenever the user opens the ERP. It also sends the otp to the email, the user only need to fill up the OTP and can login.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<div id="supports"></div>

> ### Supports:
> <!-- UPDATE -->
> 1. Shells
>     * `bash`
>     * `zsh`
> 2. OS(s)
>     * any `*nix`[`GNU+Linux` and `Unix`]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: Rename this section to configuring the development environment or something similar and smaller. or just Building from source.

     ```
  3. Install dependencies
     ```bash
     npm install
     ```
  4. Build the extension and watch for changes
     ```bash
     npm run start
     ```
  5. The above step will create a `addon` folder with the extension in it.
      ```bash
      cd addon
      ```

  6. Run the extension using [web-ext](https://extensionworkshop.com/documentation/develop/getting-started-with-web-ext/) as below
     ```bash
     web-ext run # run the extension for firefox
     web-ext run -t chromium # (or) run the extension for chrome
     ```
  7. Check that the extension is loaded by opening the extensions page in Firefox `about:addons` or in Chrome `chrome://extensions/`.

> - #### Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deployment
```

  1. Clone the repository
     ```bash

>      git clone https://github.com/siddsarkar/iitkgp-erp-auto-login-extension.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     git clone https://github.com/metakgp/iitkgp-erp-auto-login.git
```

Update it in all other places too.

     ```
  2. Cd into the repository
     ```bash

>      cd iitkgp-erp-auto-login-extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     cd iitkgp-erp-auto-login
```

</a>
<a href="mailto:metakgp@gmail.com">
  <img align="center" alt="Metakgp's email " width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/master/images/svg/gmail.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.facebook.com/metakgp">
  <img align="center" alt="metakgp's Facebook" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/master/images/svg/facebook.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/company/metakgp-org/">
  <img align="center" alt="metakgp's LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/master/images/svg/linkedin.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/metakgp">
  <img align="center" alt="metakgp's Twitter " width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/master/images/svg/twitter.svg" />
</a>
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/metakgp_/">
  <img align="center" alt="metakgp's Instagram" width="22px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edent/SuperTinyIcons/master/images/svg/instagram.svg" />
</a>
</p>

### Maintainer(s)

The currently active maintainer(s) of this project.

> <!-- UPDATE -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
